src/speaking/getting-started-with-svg-animation.md, before:

---
title: SVG animation workshop.
description: "<p>SVG animation is a brilliant way to bring personality and character to an online experience. But in an industry focused on metrics, these whimsical details are often overlooked or undervalued.<p>

<p>In this hands-on online workshop, you’ll learn how to craft delightful animations using SVG, CSS and GSAP, and have a ton of fun while doing it.</p>
<p>Check out the <strong>amazing</strong> things past attendees made in this <a href='https://codepen.io/collection/Xvbjpy'>codepen collection</a></p>
"

subContent: "<h2 class='h5'>What will you learn?</h2>
<ul><li>How to use motion design principles to improve your animations.</li><li>How best to structure and optimize your SVG for <strong>performance and accessibility</strong>.</li><li>Unlocking SVG’s superpowers — <strong>clipping, masking</strong> and <strong>filters</strong>.</li><li>How to <strong>animate SVG with CSS</strong> and the gotcha’s to be aware of.</li><li>Utilizing a <strong>JavaScript animation library</strong> for more complex animations — <a href='https://greensock.com/'>Greensock</a>.</li><li>Creating animation with personality — choosing the right <strong>ease and timing</strong>.</li><li>Planning out and structuring your animation.</li><li>Achieving effects like stroke animation and morphing with Greensock’s plugins.</li><li><strong>Debugging</strong> your animations &amp; avoiding common pitfalls.</li><li>How to use your new powers responsibly — respecting user preferences.</li></ul>"
type: workshop
cta: "https://www.plandonline.com/cassie-booking"
ctaText: "Join us this September!"
tweets: true
# image: '/images/stickers.jpeg'
video: 'https://player.vimeo.com/video/572263575'
imageCaption: Stickers!
upcoming:
  - title: SVG animation workshop
    link: 'https://www.plandonline.com/cassie-evans'
    date: "2021-09-02 17:00:00"
    endDate: "2021-09-16 17:00:00"
    location: Pland online
events:
  - title: SVG animation masterclass
    link: 'https://smashingconf.com/online-workshops/workshops/cassie-evans-feb'
    date: "2021-02-11 17:00:00"
    endDate: "2021-02-26 17:00:00"
    location: Smashing conf - online
  - title: Workshop Summit
    link: 'https://workshop-summit.com/'
    date: "2020-03-05"
    location: Brussels, Belgium
  - title: SVG animation workshop
    link: 'https://twitter.com/cassiecodes/status/1231605011437801477'
    date: "2019-02-23"
    location: Brighton, UK
  - title: SVG animation masterclass
    link: 'https://smashingconf.com/online-workshops/workshops/cassie-evans'
    date: "2020-10-08"
    endDate: "2020-10-22 17:00:00"
    location: Smashing conf - online
testimonials:
  - name : Joshua.
    testimonial : "You covered ALL OF THE COOL THINGS. I'm seriously so excited to make a ton of cool stuff. It was all so helpful and inspiring and imo you can't put a price on inspiration!"
  - name : Paul.
    testimonial : "I thoroughly enjoyed the workshop. It was really well paced, everything explained in detail and the docs are outstanding."
  - name : Natalia.
    testimonial : "This was, hands down, the best workshop I have ever participated in. Not only was I able to enjoy myself during our lessons (even though I was coding after a full day of coding), I couldn't wait for the next ones to come."
---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">How it started: How it&#39;s going: <a href="https://t.co/NqFhlNgswv">pic.twitter.com/NqFhlNgswv</a></p>&mdash; Morgane Peng (@morganepeng) <a href="https://twitter.com/morganepeng/status/1317863074590752773?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 18, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Every once in a while someone asks me how they can get started with <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/SVG?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#SVG</a> animation...<br><br>If you&#39;re at all interested in getting into SVG animation, <a href="https://twitter.com/cassiecodes?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@cassiecodes</a> is a wonderful teacher to learn from, and her <a href="https://twitter.com/smashingconf?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@smashingconf</a> workshop is a fantastic place to start. <a href="https://t.co/LTsaHDiEcQ">https://t.co/LTsaHDiEcQ</a></p>&mdash; Sara Soueidan (@SaraSoueidan) <a href="https://twitter.com/SaraSoueidan/status/1346777634076766208?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">January 6, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I made this fun little animation for the delightful SVG workshop <a href="https://twitter.com/cassiecodes?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@cassiecodes</a> is teaching. Made me reminisce about the old Flash days. (I do that a lot.) <a href="https://t.co/5hKsHdrqPq">https://t.co/5hKsHdrqPq</a></p>&mdash; Soma Holiday (@somahol) <a href="https://twitter.com/somahol/status/1318434912446205952?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 20, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

Commit message:

update my workshop and typos

src/speaking/getting-started-with-svg-animation.md, after:

---
title: SVG animation workshop.
description: "<p>SVG animation is a brilliant way to bring personality and character to an online experience. But in an industry focused on metrics, these whimsical details are often overlooked or undervalued.<p>

<p>In this hands-on online workshop, you’ll learn how to craft delightful animations using SVG, CSS and GSAP, and have a ton of fun while doing it.</p>
<p>Check out the <strong>amazing</strong> things past attendees made in this <a href='https://codepen.io/collection/Xvbjpy'>codepen collection</a></p>
"

subContent: "<h2 class='h5'>What you'll learn.</h2>
<ul><li>How to use motion design principles to improve your animations.</li><li>How best to structure and optimize your SVG for <strong>performance and accessibility</strong>.</li><li>Unlocking SVG’s superpowers — <strong>clipping, masking</strong> and <strong>filters</strong>.</li><li>How to <strong>animate SVG with CSS</strong> and the gotcha’s to be aware of.</li><li>Utilizing a <strong>JavaScript animation library</strong> for more complex animations — <a href='https://greensock.com/'>GreenSock</a>.</li><li>Creating animation with personality — choosing the right <strong>ease and timing</strong>.</li><li>Planning out and structuring your animation.</li><li>Achieving effects like stroke animation and morphing with GreenSock’s plugins.</li><li><strong>Debugging</strong> your animations &amp; avoiding common pitfalls.</li><li>How to use your new powers responsibly — respecting user preferences.</li></ul>"
type: workshop
cta: "https://www.plandonline.com/cassie-booking"
ctaText: "Join us this September!"
tweets: true
# image: '/images/stickers.jpeg'
video: 'https://player.vimeo.com/video/572263575'
imageCaption: Stickers!
upcoming:
  - title: Intro to SVG 
    date: "2021-09-02 17:00:00"
    location: online
    timezone: 'https://everytimezone.com/s/32d757bb'
  - title: SVG's superpowers 
    date: "2021-09-03 17:00:00"
    location: online
    timezone: 'https://everytimezone.com/s/9972d5e9'
  - title: Intro to animation 
    date: "2021-09-09 17:00:00"
    location: online
    timezone: 'https://everytimezone.com/s/4a5cec5b'
  - title: Advanced animation 
    date: "2021-09-10 17:00:00"
    location: online
    timezone: 'https://everytimezone.com/s/255edbc5'
  - title: Bonus tips & tricks 
    date: "2021-09-16 17:00:00"
    location: online
    timezone: 'https://everytimezone.com/s/2f35ce3e'
events:
  - title: SVG animation masterclass
    link: 'https://smashingconf.com/online-workshops/workshops/cassie-evans-feb'
    date: "2021-02-11 17:00:00"
    endDate: "2021-02-26 17:00:00"
    location: Smashing conf - online
  - title: Workshop Summit
    link: 'https://workshop-summit.com/'
    date: "2020-03-05"
    location: Brussels, Belgium
  - title: SVG animation workshop
    link: 'https://twitter.com/cassiecodes/status/1231605011437801477'
    date: "2019-02-23"
    location: Brighton, UK
  - title: SVG animation masterclass
    link: 'https://smashingconf.com/online-workshops/workshops/cassie-evans'
    date: "2020-10-08"
    endDate: "2020-10-22 17:00:00"
    location: Smashing conf - online
testimonials:
  - name : Joshua.
    testimonial : "You covered ALL OF THE COOL THINGS. I'm seriously so excited to make a ton of cool stuff. It was all so helpful and inspiring and imo you can't put a price on inspiration!"
  - name : Paul.
    testimonial : "I thoroughly enjoyed the workshop. It was really well paced, everything explained in detail and the docs are outstanding."
  - name : Natalia.
    testimonial : "This was, hands down, the best workshop I have ever participated in. Not only was I able to enjoy myself during our lessons (even though I was coding after a full day of coding), I couldn't wait for the next ones to come."
---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">How it started: How it&#39;s going: <a href="https://t.co/NqFhlNgswv">pic.twitter.com/NqFhlNgswv</a></p>&mdash; Morgane Peng (@morganepeng) <a href="https://twitter.com/morganepeng/status/1317863074590752773?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 18, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Every once in a while someone asks me how they can get started with <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/SVG?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#SVG</a> animation...<br><br>If you&#39;re at all interested in getting into SVG animation, <a href="https://twitter.com/cassiecodes?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@cassiecodes</a> is a wonderful teacher to learn from, and her <a href="https://twitter.com/smashingconf?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@smashingconf</a> workshop is a fantastic place to start. <a href="https://t.co/LTsaHDiEcQ">https://t.co/LTsaHDiEcQ</a></p>&mdash; Sara Soueidan (@SaraSoueidan) <a href="https://twitter.com/SaraSoueidan/status/1346777634076766208?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">January 6, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I made this fun little animation for the delightful SVG workshop <a href="https://twitter.com/cassiecodes?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@cassiecodes</a> is teaching. Made me reminisce about the old Flash days. (I do that a lot.) <a href="https://t.co/5hKsHdrqPq">https://t.co/5hKsHdrqPq</a></p>&mdash; Soma Holiday (@somahol) <a href="https://twitter.com/somahol/status/1318434912446205952?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 20, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
